I have to say that I signed because there is no other good gym around - I wanted some group training, weights and cardio and sauna. Price is reasonable, no annoying initiating fee, but first and last months. ok, fine. Pros: Gym has 2 hour validated parking, It is not too crowded, it has hot sauna (that is actually HOT), you can use any location.  Cons: Gym closes at 10pm on weekday and 8-9 weekends, while other locations open till at least 11pm. No lockers in changing room, you have to bring yours; ladies changing room is dirty, out of paper, sinks always drowned. Terribly cold room work group glasses, I don't know why they keep it like 55F, the first group class I heart my back because of the fan that was right behind me.  In general I am pretty happy with my membership, love yoga class at 8pm on Mondays!  I will be a member for a long time!
I used to go to the Castro location but had to switch as I injured myself and needed to walk in the pool. Now I'm hooked on this location. All of the staff are super nice, the place is usually clean and the people who go here are usually nice. The pool can get quite busy so try to go on the off peak times or just sit in the hot tub while you wait for a lane to open up. I do sometimes wish the water was a bit hotter in the pool but oh well. Also, if you're just wanting to join, go in for a consultation or a 3 day guest pass and don't join until the very end of the month. They'll email you up to the end of the month. I held out and bartered my cost down to no activation fee and a cheaper monthly price. :)
I've been a member here and trained with Kara since Oct 2016, my original intention was lose weight, it's been a year not only I lost weight I also gained muscle, and super happy with my shape right now! Kara is super friendly and professional, she is always one time, gives very helpful advices about my diet and everything. I just love training with her cause she cares about her clients and delivers results!
I researched several gyms before choosing Fitness SF Fillmore. I'm really pleased with Fitness SF- it's conveniently located for me and has fair membership fees. I've been working with a Personal Trainer (Kara Kim) over the past month. She is wonderful; I highly recommend her!!! She is very knowledgeable about fitness and nutrition. She has taught me so many different work outs and really pushes me each session (in a good way); she even reviews my meals to ensure I stay on track. I recently had my 1 month assessment and I'm really happy with my results so far. If you are looking for a trainer, Kara Kim will help you achieve your goals
I am a long time member to sf fitness fillmore.  I am very pleased with the cleanliness of the gym and the way the overall gym is being run. Specifically, I am happy the pool now has a monitor.  I like the idea of having someone in the pool area to make sure everyone is respecting each other, abiding by the rules and things are running smoothly.  On that note, I would like to acknowledge Niel, who is very friendly and professional.  I appreciate your positive energy and proactive nature.  It's always nice running into you as our brief interactions always seem to be upbeat and pleasant. I wish more of the staff could be like you, particularly those who work at the front desk.  I would like to see them greet members on the way in and offer something encouraging on the way out. Nevertheless, I am pretty happy with things at sf fitness fillmore overall.
I can't say enough excellent things about the Fillmore branch of FITNESS SF.  I'm in graduate school and would only be in SF for the summer.  They offered me a fantastic deal.  The gym has top quality exercise equipments ranging from cardio equipments to bosu balls to resistance bands.  All the bosu balls and Pilates balls are always sufficiently aired up and ready to go.  They have towel service at the front desk of varying sizes, a steam and sauna which is sublime and the facilities are kept very clean at all times.
I used this gym for few months and I loved it. Facilities are great, you can do plenty of exercises, great pool and steam room. Everything is very clean and tidy (you will see cleaners cleaning throughout the day). Staff was nice, some of them seemed to lack basic social skills (only 1-2 of them) and for that reason they might come across as ignorant and not friendly. I did not care, but some customers might not like it. I enjoyed this gym a lot during my 6 months stay in the US and I would recommend it to anyone interested in upgrading your body and health.
My favorite use of the gym is the swimming pool. I have literally been swimming a full mile here (72 lengths) every day, and could not be happier. The water temperature is almost always a perfect 82 F, the jacuzzi nearby is a perfect 104F, and if you come at the right times, you can be pretty sure that you will have either the lane to yourself, or at most share it with one other person. This is very unlike the YMCA, where I was a member for 20 years, and they never ever got it right. Crowded lanes with 5 persons per lane, and 50% of the time, the lanes were unavailable, as the pool was being used for water aerobics. At Fitness SF, water aerobics does not shut down the pool or the lanes, and the aerobics class is quickly done in one hour at 10:00am. Efficient indeed !
I've been a member for over 10 years, including when they were re-branded as "Club One", "Gold's", and other franchise names.  I've quit, but returned, as they're still the best fitness club in the Bay Area.  Pluses - parking, lovely entrance to gym with outdoor fountain and benches, smart and friendly staff, pool, wet and dry sauna, awesome jacuzzi.  Minuses - minimal stretching area, tv channels are inconsistent and don't always work, old fixtures in the showers, and slightly claustrophobic feel to the gym due to low ceilings.  Still, I always return.  It looks like they have great trainers, but there should be a handout on how to sign-up for one.
I l really like this gym. It's right across the street from where I live and super convenient. It has a good pool and all of the equipment that I need. I've been weight training for 6 years, but recently I've been learning TRX with Juancho at Fitness SF - Fillmore, and it has been amazing. Juancho is really energetic and very knowledgeable about fitness. His training sessions have pushed me hard; I've seen and felt the results. I highly recommend him!
I've been a member at this location for seven years now and it's been a refreshing change having SF Fitness take over. The equipment has almost all been updated, the use of space has been vastly improved, and the trainers are top notch. Especially Juancho. I've been attending the Friday fitness class for almost as long as I've been a member and Juancho does a wonderful job of mixing it up for every class. The only minor critique I have would be to sync all the clocks to the same time using an iPhone or something.  I often see the management going throughout the facility talking with staff and patrons actively working to improve their product. That's why this place is great and will only continue to get better.
